Add more clarifications for custom slugs that has multiple level for content collections (#3306)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/content-collections.mdx

You can override an entry's generated slug by adding your own `slug` property to the file frontmatter. This is similar to the "permalink" feature of other web frameworks. `"slug"` is a special, reserved property name that is not allowed in your custom collection `schema` and will not appear in your entry's `data` property. 

> If the custom slug for your content contains `/` character, meaning it has multiple levels, you must use [rest parameters](/en/core-concepts/routing/#rest-parameters) for the dynamic route that generates it. Refer to the example code [here](/en/guides/content-collections/#building-for-static-output-default).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:::note
If your custom slugs contain the `/` character to produce URLs with multiple path segments, you must use a [rest parameter (`[...path]`)](/en/core-concepts/routing/#rest-parameters) in the `.astro` filename for this dynamic routing page.
:::
```
Hi @margani. Thanks for this contribution!

I edited it a little, and I actually think it makes more sense to show this down around line 501-ish where you link to the code sample, directly after it. if we're saying you need to be looking "here", then that's usually a sign that the text should also be "there"!  :smile:

Can you update this to turn this into a note like above, and put it around line 502? (I think line 501 is the empty line just after the code example). That also means we don't need a second link, and we can refer directly to the code sample that the reader would have just seen!  :raised_hands:

Author: Thank you @sarah11918 , I updated it.
